map00010	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00030	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00040	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00051	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00052	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00053	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00500	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00520	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00640	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00650	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00660	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00562	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00190	Energy metabolism
map00195	Energy metabolism
map00196	Energy metabolism
map00710	Energy metabolism
map00720	Energy metabolism
map00680	Energy metabolism
map00910	Energy metabolism
map00920	Energy metabolism
map00061	Lipid metabolism
map00062	Lipid metabolism
map00071	Lipid metabolism
map00072	Lipid metabolism
map00073	Lipid metabolism
map00100	Lipid metabolism
map00120	Lipid metabolism
map00121	Lipid metabolism
map00140	Lipid metabolism
map00561	Lipid metabolism
map00564	Lipid metabolism
map00565	Lipid metabolism
map00600	Lipid metabolism
map00590	Lipid metabolism
map00591	Lipid metabolism
map00592	Lipid metabolism
map01040	Lipid metabolism
map00230	Nucleotide metabolism
map00240	Nucleotide metabolism
map00250	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	Amino acid metabolism
map00280	Amino acid metabolism
map00290	Amino acid metabolism
map00300	Amino acid metabolism
map00310	Amino acid metabolism
map00220	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	Amino acid metabolism
map00340	Amino acid metabolism
map00350	Amino acid metabolism
map00360	Amino acid metabolism
map00380	Amino acid metabolism
map00400	Amino acid metabolism
map00410	Amino acid metabolism
map00430	Amino acid metabolism
map00440	Amino acid metabolism
map00450	Amino acid metabolism
map00460	Amino acid metabolism
map00471	Amino acid metabolism
map00472	Amino acid metabolism
map00473	Amino acid metabolism
map00480	Amino acid metabolism
map03020	Genetic information processing
map03022	Genetic information processing
map03040	Genetic information processing
map03010	Genetic information processing
map00970	Genetic information processing
map03013	Genetic information processing
map03015	Genetic information processing
map03008	Genetic information processing
map03060	Genetic information processing
map04141	Genetic information processing
map04130	Genetic information processing
map04120	Genetic information processing
map04122	Genetic information processing
map03050	Genetic information processing
map03018	Genetic information processing
map03030	Genetic information processing
map03410	Genetic information processing
map03420	Genetic information processing
map03430	Genetic information processing
map03440	Genetic information processing
map03450	Genetic information processing
map02024	Cellular Processes
map04144	Cellular Processes
map04145	Cellular Processes
map04142	Cellular Processes
map04146	Cellular Processes
map02030	Cellular Processes
map02040	Cellular Processes
map02010	Environmental Information Processing
map02060	Environmental Information Processing
map03070	Environmental Information Processing
map02020	Environmental Information Processing